Some comments on the design for the FPGA-based MultiMod II.

I'm basing the design on the iCE40UP5K Fomu development board found at
     https://github.com/im-tomu/fomu-hardware

The FPGA flash has a boot image that can interface directly to USB. Controlled
by a RISC-V core, the Fomu appears as a DFU device for programming the attached
SPI flash chip. The FPGA is then reset to load a new configuration bitstream
from SPI flash. The RISC-V core can be directed to execute custom code on reset.
This feature has been used to configure the Fomu as a RISC-V CPU running
micropython. More details on the boot loader can be found at
     https://github.com/im-tomu/foboot

I have a few questions on the design, some of which are comments on the
schematic pages.

On the Power schematic page (second page, 3/6) I added a pullup resistor on the
Done output as you did with the Timer board. Both Fomu and Upduino leave this
pin unconnected. The datasheet notes it has a weak pullup internally. I assume
you added this because of your warning about pullups and Iq. The boot and reset
section is also from the Fomu.

You mentioned the problem of high current consumption on powering up, which you
resolved with a 47 ohm resistor in the Vcc path. Was that between the 1.2V or
the 3.3V LDO and the FPGA?

Although two power sources are shown, the 71B battery and the USB connector,
both sources are mutually exclusive. No one will be able to connect a USB cable
while the board is in the 71B. The Schottky diode is there so I can determine
which source is used and respond accordingly.

On the fourth page with the FPGA and SPI flash I just copied your Timer
connector. I'm considering just having pads that pogo pins can make contact with
and making a programming jig for boards. The Fomu does something similar and their
schematic notes that the FPGA should be reset to program the SPI flash and the
flash should have Hold asserted to program the FPGA. I believe this setup will
allow me to configure both devices on a new board.

The last page has an oscillator needed for the USB device when it is in use. It
will also be used for the Forth CPU that controls the MultiMod II operation.
I'm hoping to gate the clock to the CPU when it's not in use to save power, and
I'm considering gating the oscillator itself. Startup time is given as 5 ms max
and I think that should be more than fast enough to respond to interrupt events.
We'll see. I can switch to an internal oscillator to respond more quickly while
waiting for the external oscillator, or just use the external oscillator only
when connected to USB.